Documentation (#3)
LucaRocco/liqo_resources_dashboard: README.md

# Liqo peering dashboard

> Liqo peering dashboard is an open-source dashboard that shows you the status of peerings enabled by the cluster and the number of resources in terms of vCPUs and Memory used by each liqo peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Liqo peering dashboard* is an open-source, web-based dashboard that exposes the status of the peerings established with the current cluster, and the number of resources (i.e., in terms of vCPUs and Memory) used by each liqo peer.
```

When mentioning _peerings_, you could make that a link pointing to the liqo documentation.

Finally, I would add a screenshot of the dashboard.

## Prerequisites

> Since the dashboard shows data related to Liqo you must have it installed in your cluster. If you want to start using Liqo you can check the [doc](https://docs.liqo.io/en/stable/) and the [quick start tutorial](https://docs.liqo.io/en/stable/examples/quick-start.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the dashboard shows data related to Liqo you must have it installed in your cluster. If you want to start using Liqo, you can check the [official documentation](https://docs.liqo.io/en/stable/) and the [quick start tutorial](https://docs.liqo.io/en/stable/examples/quick-start.html).
```

To install this dashboard you should have helm installed on your machine. You can find more about helm on the [official site](https://helm.sh/). You can also decide to avoid helm but in this case, you need to write down all the required YAML manifests.

> Additionally, this dashboard can be deployed in a cluster that has an ingress controller installed. To learn more about ingress controller you can read the [official Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers/)

Reviewer: *Can* or *Needs*? Is it really possible to expose it through a loadbalancer service just tuning the values file?

## Deployment

> The dashboard runs divided into two different pods although you don't need to care about it since you can use a simple helm command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dashboard is divided into two components, a *frontend* and a *backend*, which are executed as separate pods. You can deploy them through helm, once you cloned the current repository:
```

```bash

> helm install liqo-dashboard ./chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm install liqo-dashboard ./chart --namespace liqo-dashboard --create-namespace
```

The namespace should not be hard-coded/implicit.

```

> The command above deploys a few resources into the cluster in the liqo-dashboard namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command above deploys a few resources into the cluster in the `liqo-dashboard` namespace.
```

> When the dashboard is deployed on a production environment you should set the host using the following command otherwise the dashboard's ingress will catch every host because by default the ingress listens on `*` wildcard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the dashboard is deployed on a production environment, you shall configure the appropriate ingress hostname,  
rather than using the default catch-all wildcard:
```

```bash

> helm install liqo-dashboard --set host=<<host_here>> ./chart

Reviewer: Same here about namespace configuration.
